French Beatmapping Contest: Initial Article (#2419)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/FBC/en.md

---
tags:
- FBC
- Mapping 
---

# French Beatmapping Contest

The **French Beatmapping Contest** (***FBC***) is a mapping contest for French-speaking mappers. In each edition, mappers have to create a difficulty of Insane or higher.

Points are attributed following these judging criteria: **Structure**, **Relevance**, **Creativity**, **Judge Impression** and **Hitsounds**. These criteria may change if necessary. 

The top three mappers of a tournament will receive an osu!supporter tag, and the winner of each edition will earn a personalized badge that will be shown on their osu! profile.  

> Since the 2017 edition, the chosen songs have a length lower than 3 mintutes and the difficulties under the Insane level are mapped by the tournament hosts or by members from the French mapping community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the 2017 edition, the chosen songs have a length lower than 3 minutes and the difficulties under the Insane level are mapped by the tournament hosts or by members from the French mapping community.
```

## FBC 2015

> This edition was the first one which reunited all gamemodes: osu!standard, osu!taiko, osu!catch, osu!mania. However, in osu!catch and osu!mania, there weren’t enough contestants to attribute a badge to the winners. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This edition was the first one which reunited all game modes: osu!standard, osu!taiko, osu!catch, osu!mania. However, in osu!catch and osu!mania, there weren’t enough contestants to attribute a badge to the winners. 
```

### osu!mania Winners

| Place | Mappers |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png "1st place") | ![][flag_CA] [Julie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2420987) |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/SCrown.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_FR] [Todestrieb](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4056690) |

### osu!catch Winners

| Place | Mappers |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png "1st place") | ![][flag_FR] [rezoons](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893035) |

### Organisation

| Roles | Members |
| :-- | :-- |
| Host | ![][flag_FR] [Kurai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/77089) |
| Judges | ![][flag_PL] [Krfawy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1478292), ![][flag_IT] [-kevincela-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/266596), ![][flag_IT] [Leader](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/631530), ![][flag_US] [OzzyOzrock](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/465153), ![][flag_MX] [DakeDekaane](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1425253), ![][flag_GB] [Mysticalia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2728676) |

### Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/347485)
- [Results thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/366859) 

## FBC 2016

> This contest edition was the last one to use a marathon-style music (longer than 5 minutes) and also was the last to allow other gamemodes to participate, due to the low amount of contestants in osu!taiko, osu!catch and osu!mania. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contest edition was the last one to use a marathon-style music (longer than 5 minutes) and also was the last to allow other game modes to participate, due to the low amount of contestants in osu!taiko, osu!catch and osu!mania. 
```

The song picked for osu!standard and osu!catch was [Phantom Sage - Holystone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnZXoRb--z4) while the song for osu!taiko and osu!mania was [Weyheyhey!! - Throw It Away](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtQ8Xo4p9js).

![FBC 2016 Badge](img/fbc2016.png)

### Winners

| Place | Mappers |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png "1st place") | ![][flag_CA] [sheela](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1138027) |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/SCrown.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_FR] [Secretpipe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2208964) |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/BCrown.png "3rd place") | ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981) |

### Organisation

| Roles | Members |
| :-- | :-- |
| Host | ![][flag_FR] [Ovoui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2282098) |
| Judges | ![][flag_FR] [Kin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/480689), ![][flag_DE] [Pho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3624692), ![][flag_AU] [sahuang](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5318910)|

### Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/482659)
- [Results thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/506691) 

## FBC 2017

> This edition was the first edition which use a song that last less than 3 minutes. Moreover, it was the first one to allow the winning set (hosted by the contest winner) to host the top 3 entries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This edition was the first edition which uses a song that lasts less than 3 minutes. Moreover, it was the first one to allow the winning set (hosted by the contest winner) to host the top 3 entries. 
```

> This edition was the first edition which use a song that last less than 3 minutes. Moreover, it wass the first one to allow the winning set (hosted by the contest winner) to host the top 3 entries. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This edition was the first edition which use a song that last less than 3 minutes. Moreover, it was the first one to allow the winning set (hosted by the contest winner) to host the top 3 entries. 
```

---
tags:
- 'French Beatmapping Contest'
- 'FBC'
- 'Mapping' 
---

# French Beatmapping Contest

**French Beatmapping Contest** (***FBC***) is a mapping tournament that is available for francophone mappers. In each edition, mappers have to create a difficulty of insane or higher. 

Points are attributed following these judging criteria: **Structure**, **Relevance**, **Creativity**, **Judge Impression** and **Hitsounds**. These criteria can change if needed.  

The top three mappers of a tournament will receive an osu!supporter tag, their length can vary between editions. However, the winner of each edition will earn a personalized badge that will be shown on their osu! profile. 

Since the 2017 edition, the chosen songs have a length lower than 3 mintutes and the difficulties under the Insane level are mapped by the tournament hosts or by members from the French mapping community.

# FBC 2015

This edition is the first one which reunited all gamemodes: osu!standard, osu!taiko, osu!catch, osu!mania. However, in osu!catch and osu!mania, there weren’t enough contestants to attribute a badge to the winners. 

> The chosen song for this edition was [ΛNTI - Koi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuQfuYxf6lk).

Author: Make sense, fixed!
